m1=But Montague is bound as well as I, In penalty alike. And ’tis not hard, I think, For men so old as we to keep the peace. PARIS
m2=To fleer and scorn at our solemnity? Now, by the stock and honor of my kin, To strike him dead I hold it not a sin. CAPULET
m3=SCENE V. Capulet's orchard. Enter JULIET JULIET The clock struck nine when I did send the nurse;
m4=The what? MERCUTIO The pox of such antic, lisping, affecting fantasticoes; these new tuners of accents! 'By Jesu,
m5=ROMEO She hath, and in that sparing makes huge waste, For beauty starved with her severity Cuts beauty off from all posterity.
m6=For what, I pray thee? ROMEO For your broken shin. BENVOLIO
m7=My will to her consent is but a part; An she agree, within her scope of choice Lies my consent and fair according voice. This night I hold an old accu
m8=Or if thou think'st I am too quickly won, I'll frown and be perverse an say thee nay, So thou wilt woo; but else, not for the world. In truth, fair Mo
m9=Nay, he's a flower; in faith, a very flower. LADY CAPULET What say you? can you love the gentleman? This night you shall behold him at our feast;
m10=Nay, I am the very pink of courtesy. ROMEO Pink for flower. MERCUTIO
m11=In half an hour she promised to return. Perchance she cannot meet him: that's not so. O, she is lame! love's heralds should be thoughts, Which ten tim
m12=That shall she, marry; I remember it well. 'Tis since the earthquake now eleven years; And she was wean'd,--I never shall forget it,-- Of all the days
m13=maids, and cut off their heads. GREGOFY The heads of the maids? SAMPSON
m14=BENVOLIO A right fair mark, fair coz, is soonest hit. ROMEO Well, in that hit you miss: she'll not be hit
m15=Yet I should kill thee with much cherishing. Good night, good night! parting is such sweet sorrow, That I shall say good night till it be morrow.
m16=TYBALT What, art thou drawn among these heartless hinds? Turn thee, Benvolio, look upon thy death. BENVOLIO
m17=At what o'clock to-morrow Shall I send to thee? ROMEO At the hour of nine.
m18=Strike, drum. Exeunt  SCENE V. A hall in Capulet's house.
m19=O single-soled jest, solely singular for the singleness. MERCUTIO Come between us, good Benvolio; my wits faint.
m20=And makes himself an artificial night. Black and portentous must this humor prove. Unless good counsel may the cause remove. BENVOLIO 